h1. Introduction

This is an unofficial API for "burrp!TV":http://tv.burrp.com . It has been derived by studying the current code on the site and work be using JSON intercepts. This API has no affiliation whatsoever with "burrp.com":http;//burrp.com and has been developed independently by me.

h2. Installation/Usage

To start using you will need to include the following file - 

<code><pre>
  <script src="lib/prototype.js" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8"></script>
  <script src="src/burrp-tv-api.js" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8"></script>
</pre></code>

h2. The BurrpTV Object

This is the object that you'll be using to get any data from Burrp!TV. It has the following methods - 

|_.Method|_.Parameters|_.Descrition|
|getSchedule|startTime, endTime, channelId, callback|Loads the requires JSON file and invokes the callback function|
|getEpisode|episodeId, startTime, callback|Loads the JSON of that episode and invokes the callback function|
|currentTime|(none)|It returns the current time in the Epoch Unix time|
|getEndTime|hours|Returns the time after the specified number of time. The value is Epoch Unix Time|
|getURLForEpisode|episode(Hash Object)|It returns a corresponding URL for the episode on tv.burrp.com|


h2. Distribution

All the files related to burrp-tv-api are in the @src@ folder. The files that its dependent on is in the @lib@ folder.

To get started and see the basic usage see the @example@ folder. It has examples and usage of the different options provided by burrp-tv-api.


h2. License

Burrp!TV Api(Unofficial), "burrp-tv-api" is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

<pre style="background: #EBF1F4;border: 1px solid #DDD;">
  Copyright (c) 2009 Prateek Saxena

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
  obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
  files (burrp-tv-api), to deal in burrp-tv-api without
  restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
  copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of it, and to permit persons to whom it
  is furnished to do so, subject to the following
  conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
  OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
  NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
  HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
  WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
  FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
  OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
</pre>


h2. Dependencies

# "Prototype":http://github.com/sstephenson/prototype/tree/master